# Data
- id_cannot_12K: Dataset for finetuning IndoSBERT. This is an Indonesian-translated version of the 12 top rows of the [cannot](https://github.com/dmlls/cannot-dataset) dataset. Translated using Google Translate and rechecked (then modified if necessary) manually.
- data_mpi: Dataset for ASAG task. This is a custom raw dataset of short essay exam assessments in the Research Methodology and Scientific Writing course, containing 102 student answers to 1 question, and scores from 2 assessors. The question is, "Dalam penelitian terdapat 3 aspek utama yang harus dimiliki dalam sebuah penelitian. Sebutkan dan jelaskan selengkap mungkin yang anda ketahui mengenai hal tersebut!"
- data_siscer: Dataset for ASAG task. This is a custom raw dataset of short essay exam assessments in the Intelligent Systems course, containing 64 student answers to 1 question, and scores from 2 assessors. The question is, "Jelaskan perbedaan prinsip kerja antara algoritma hill climbing dengan Simulated Anneling!"
- data_ukara_a: Dataset for ASAG task. This is a modified version of the Ukara Dataset, an Indonesian language automatic essay scoring dataset published in 2019 by the NLP Research Group, Gadjah Mada University, Indonesia, for type Question A. It contains 483 student answers along with the score from 2 assessors.
- data_ukara_b: Dataset for ASAG task. This is a modified version of the Ukara Dataset, an Indonesian language automatic essay scoring dataset published in 2019 by the NLP Research Group, Gadjah Mada University, Indonesia, for type Question B. It contains 200 student answers along with the score from 2 assessors. 
- asag_cleaned: Final dataset for ASAG task. This is a combined dataset of data_mpi, data_siscer, data_ukara_a, and data_ukara_b which have been cleaned, adjusted the column names, and added the question and average grade columns.
- asag_cleaned_05: Final dataset for ASAG task. This is a combined dataset of data_mpi, data_siscer, data_ukara_a, and data_ukara_b which have been cleaned, adjusted the column names, rescaling the grade to 0-5, and added the question and average grade columns.